feat(api): cancel outgoing payment (#2694)
interledger/rafiki: packages/documentation/src/content/docs/integration/event-handlers.mdx

## `outgoing_payment.created`

> The `outgoing_payment.created` event indicates that an outgoing payment has been created and is awaiting liquidity. The Account Servicing Entity should perform a check here to see if there is enough balance, or some other kind of checks that must pass in order to fullfill this outgoing payment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `outgoing_payment.created` event indicates that an outgoing payment has been created and is awaiting liquidity. The Account Servicing Entity should verify the user account balance (and perform any other kinds of checks necessary) before funding or cancelling the outgoing payment.
``` 
just to explain that you can do either or in this event handler

`}
/>

Example: Cancel outgoing payment due to low funds

<Mermaid
  graph={`sequenceDiagram
    participant ASE as Account Servicing Entity
    participant R as Rafiki
    R->>ASE: webhook event: outgoing payment created,<br>debit amount: $12
    ASE->>ASE: check if account has enough balance
    ASE->>R: admin API call: CancelOutgoingPayment<br>reason: Not enough balance

> `}

Reviewer: we could probably avoid having to have a second diagram by using `alt` to describe the two possible flows in the original diagram
